=head1 NAME

One - a unified interface for apt, dpkg etc.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<one> B<command> [ I<command_arguments> ... ]

B<one> [ -- ] I<packages_to_install> ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

    One Tool to manage them all, One Tool to find them,
    One Tool to install them all and in the darkness run them

One provides a unified interface for Debian package manager which is quite
fragmented (dpkg, aptitude, apt-get, apt-cache, apt-file...). Just one simple
extensible tool combining the most frequently used functions of the mentioned
tools. The available functions are fully customizable - One can even be adjusted
to a completely different package manager.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<(blank)> I<packages>

Install the specified packages.

Command: sudo aptitude install

=item B<b> I<package>

Install build-dependencies of a package.

Command: sudo aptitude build-dep

=item B<src> I<package>

Download the source code of a package.

Command: apt-get source

=item B<s> I<search_term>

Search in the package database.

Command: aptitude search

=item B<i> I<package>

Show the package details.

Command: aptitude show

=item B<f> I<search_term>

Search for packages containing matching files.

Command: apt-file search

=item B<F> I<regex>

Search for packages containing matching files.

Command: apt-file search -x

=item B<l> I<package>

List files owned by the package (which must be installed).

Command: dpkg -L

=item B<L> I<package>

List files owned by the package (which must B<not> be installed).

Command: apt-file list

=item B<o> I<file>

Show which package owns the file.

Command: dpkg -S

=item B<w> I<package>

Show why the package was installed.

Command: aptitude why

=item B<u>

Perform system upgrade.

Command: sudo aptitude update && sudo aptitude upgrade

=item B<uu>

Perform full system upgrade.

Command: sudo aptitude update && sudo aptitude full-upgrade

=item B<rm> I<packeges>

Remove the specified packages.

Command: sudo aptitude purge

=back

=head1 CONFIG

The config file F<~/.onerc> has a very simple syntax:

    name arbitrary_command_to_run
    # comment

For the default "s" option it would be

    s aptitude search

The separator between I<name> and I<arbitrary_command_to_run> can be any
whitespace character.

The existing commands can be overridden but keep in mind there are two special
commands: "--" which is used for the blank command (package install by default)
and "TUI" which is used when One is run without any arguments (interactive
aptitude interface by default).

=head1 AUTHOR

One was written by Wojciech 'vifon' Siewierski <darkvifon at gmail dot com>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2012  Wojciech Siewierski

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
